#summary EchoServer Tutorial(English)

Create event model
{{{
NetworkInstance->Create<HalfNetwork::ProactorFactory>();
}}}
or
{{{
NetworkInstance->Create<HalfNetwork::ReactorFactory>();
}}}

If you work on Windows, Proactor is the best choice. On Linux, Reactor is the one.

Assign listen port and Queue ID.
{{{
int port = 25251;
int queueID = 103;
NetworkInstance->AddAcceptor(NULL, port, queueID);
}}}

In case of you’d like to accept from specific ip, the first parameter is the ip. Otherwise it must be NULL. For more detail, you can reference [FunctionReferenceEng#here AddAcceptor].

Start listen.
{{{
NetworkInstance->Open();
}}}
You can assign more parameters for detail setting. For more detail, you can reference [FunctionReferenceEng#here Open]. 

Check constantly there is any new message.
{{{
using namespace HalfNetwork;
ACE_Message_Block* commandBlock = NULL;
bool receiveData = NetworkInstance->PopMessage(queueID, &commandBlock, -1);
if (false == receiveData)
	return;

MessagePostee postee;
memcpy(&postee, commandBlock->rd_ptr(), sizeof(MessagePostee));
commandBlock->rd_ptr(sizeof(MessagePostee));
ACE_Message_Block* payloadBlock = commandBlock->cont();
switch(postee.command)
{
case eMH_Establish:
	OnAccept(postee.stream_id, payloadBlock->rd_ptr());
	break;
case eMH_Read:
	OnRead(postee.stream_id, payloadBlock->rd_ptr(), payloadBlock->length());
	break;
case eMH_Close:
	OnClose(postee.stream_id);
	break;
}
commandBlock->release();
}}}

For performance, [FunctionReferenceEng#Pop_All_Message PopAllMessage] is the better choice rather than [FunctionReferenceEng#Pop_Message PopMessage].

Echo the received packet.
{{{
void OnRead(unsigned int streamID, char* buffer, unsigned int length)
{
	ACE_Message_Block* block = NetworkInstance->AllocateBlock(length);
	block->copy(buffer, length);
	NetworkInstance->SendRequest(streamID, block);
}
}}}